Dear Listener, I would like you to perform following home task on one's own, to get the basic experience in UML. Please, draw UML diagrams, according to information provided below. It contains high-level description of the system and task for each diagram type.
You are welcome to add any rational assumptions or improve the provided requirements (add integration points etc). So you are not limited by scope and budget here. J
Please, aim on getting experience in UML modelling of the system, but not just formally matching provided requirements! So be creative and approach the description below as just a reference point for your model!
 

General overview
 Customer needs a training Web-portal to provide some services of the big training agency in the web:
- To provide and sell online automatic tests for certification;
- To provide the ability to apply for the training and follow the training status/info.
- To provide and sell some books written by the lectors of some trainings.
  

Details
 Unauthorized users:

The general (unauthorized) user should be able to access the portal, see the list of trainings by categories, the list of certification tests, the list and description of provided books.
The general (unauthorized) user should also be able to see newsline on the portal.

Authorized users:

All authorized users should be able to read and leave comments for news.
The authorized user can select the book, enter payment data and order the book to be delivered by the post service.
Authorized user can apply for participation in the training from the portal, but can pay for the training there.
Authorized user should be able to edit personal info on the profile page, see the list of trainings the user attended before or added to the group for the lessons in future. User should also see on in the profile the list of passed tests and available certificates.
Authorized users can pass the online testing in several categories and order paper or digital cope of the certificate if it is available as a result of testing (paid additionally).
Any payment on the portal can be performed by the logged-in users, the credit card or PayPal can be used.
There also should be users with admin and trainer roles in the system.


Use Case
 Please draw use case diagram for all actors of the system. Give attention to the use cases, general for several user roles and decomposition of User Cases.

Activity
 Describe the process of creating and editing lesson in the system (starting from the creation of the training).

Sequence
 Draw the diagram, which describes the scenario of using the bookstore (selecting and making order and paying for the book) in the system (user is not registered in the system initially).